Leetcode problem 1 :
Leetcode problem 2 :
when we solve the producer consumer problem using sync keyword.
then problem is solved, but we are allowing one producer or 1 consumer only.
this is now optimised .

we are restricting one at a time only.
solution: we can allow multiple operations also at a time.

Semaphores : combination of mutex + limit of no of threads.
            (lock + unlock)   (and allow multiple threads also)
           semaphores allow produces and consumers to do task parallel.

no of producers : no of empty shelves
no of consumers : no of actual items at that point of time.

Semaphore s = new Semaphore(1);         takes parameter as no of threads
acquire() same as lock  -- in consumer
release()  same as unlock ++ in consumer
    shared data will be shelves.

if we have same semaphore, then problem arises. if 3 threads.
 then 3 will produce and 3 will consume too, even if no element in shelves.

we should use one semaphores for 1 task only.

solution :
Semaphore prodSema = new Semaphore(1);
Semaphore consSem = new Semaphore(1);

before producing , use producer semaphore.

initiallly consumer = 0;
acquire++, release --

prodSema.acquire();     // producer
store.add();
consSema.release();


consSema.acquire();     // consumer
store.remove();
proSema.release();


whenever multiple threads are modifying items at the same time.
use concurrent version of list.

not thread safe :


practice some question of leetcdoe , like foobar
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
use case of semaphores :
1. Producer-Consumer Pattern : multiple threads are producing items (producers) and consuming them (consumers)
2. Task Queue  : where multiple threads are generating tasks and other threads are processing those tasks.
3. Event Handling : Multiple threads can enqueue events into the deque, and a separate thread or pool of threads
    can dequeue and process these events concurrently.
4. Parallel Processing :  tasks are divided into sub-tasks and executed concurrently on multiple threads or processes,
   a concurrent deque can be used to store intermediate results or data chunks that need to be processed further.